[Music]
it's cuz you eat too fast hello there
what is your name
Riku oh you really do understand why
didn't you say so earlier I didn't get a
chance to everyone thought me where I
field oh we oh we means you
um who are you guys anyway
we're all bad can't you tell wait you're
not a now bad hater are you I don't even
know what an Al Bhed is where are you
from
Zander Ken I'm a blitz ball player
[Music]
star player of the Zanarkand abe's did
you hit your head or something
um you guys hit me oh right
do you remember anything before that
[Music]
so I told her everything there was to
tell about San Arkin
about life there blitzball and sins
attack and about how ahran and i were
engulfed in this light I just said
things as they came to mind but then I
started to wonder
[Music]
did I say something funny
you are near sin
[Music]
don't worry you'll be better in no time
they say your head gets funny when sin
is near maybe you just had some kind of
dream
[Music]
you mean I'm sick because of sins toxin
yeah you sure yeah
there is no Zanarkand anymore sin
destroyed it a thousand years ago so no
one plays blitzball there huh
what what do you mean a thousand years
ago but I saw sin attacks an urchin
you're saying that happened 2,000 years
ago no way
you said
you play blitzball
uh-huh
you know you should go to Lucca someone
might know who you are or you might find
someone you recognize Lucca
[Music]
okay leave it to me I'll get you to Luca
promise you'd rather stay here ah okay
I'll go tell the others
wait here oh and one thing don't tell
anyone you're from zanarkand k-kevin
says it's a holy place you might upset
someone
Oh
my Zanarkand some kind of holy place
yeah right I thought since when yeven
sinned Luka I thought sin just took me
to a faraway place that I could go back
in a day or two but a thousand years
into the future no way
[Music]
atonic be punished
Wow
you